Summer:  Handball Winter: Curling
10 lb curls?
Thanks for being so awesome!!!
I wish we could keep them for 8 more yrs.
me too! I'm gonna miss the white house having so much class!
Man oh man will I ever miss you guys.
so going to miss you both. Thank you for letting us share your life these last 8 yrs. #Respect
I was selected to play on the men's indoor volleyball team back in 96 or 97 but had 2 turn it down sorry USA
grew up wanting to play water polo was on the wrong coast 4 that playing with USA volleyball team was a highlight
PIN THE TAIL ON THE DONKEY!!!
who's going to do the great videos when u leave??
I'm gonna miss you both so much!
... Move to Canada when you're done!!!
wrestling
Awwww!  Love my Pres and family.
gun running and immigrant relays
I am going to miss you both & your family so much! Much love!
indicting  @HillaryClinton  for election fraud & the Clinton Foundation. People who do die mysteriously oddly?
basketball of course sir. I respect your preference as 200 m athlete and first lady as gymnastic woman.
Like the first lady, I greatly enjoyed last night's gymnastic performances.  I'd have to go with tennis Mr. President.
gewichrheben
absolutely swimming
everytime I see  @POTUS  AND  @FLOTUS  speak a smile overcomes me. Can't be explained. Gonna miss them! And I'm 
@WhiteHouse  @POTUS  @FLOTUS
would choose THE event that BUILDS homes and LIVES that OLYMPICS tore down in Multiple countries since HITLER!
I absolutely love you guys!
anything but competing against  @katieLedecky . She's an unbeatable champion!
hey Obama when are you going to answer all these questions AMERICA'S still waiting
Probably Beer Drinking. Oh, wait, is that an event yet?
Track, them both! I'd love to see them approaching that finish line, like the true thoroughbreds they are :-)
Can not mention enough, how thrilled I am to have been able to witness this in my lifetime! :-)
How about the "Balance-budget-beam?" Or how about "Not making my children pay for your greediness!"
it would be telling lies.
Men's synchronized swimming
too bad there isn't an event for lip service because that's all he's good for. Oh and golf of course
