this ain't normal behavior. at all..even if you playing around..i wish one of my friends would do this..they would have to leave.
Pretty sure people don't smile when having seizures. I can't even smile when I sneeze.
WTF was that. Doesn't look normal or healthy.
Standard #Convulsion then loses attention to what question was and reply's .."Try the Col Chi "
Expose this!! #HillarysHealth
"We can rebuild her, make her faster, stronger, than she was before"!          -oscar goldman
someone make up a conspiracy theory that she's a clone and the process of cloning the real Hillary messed up and she had a glitch
@judycarr1115  something really wrong with #HillarysHeath
That looks like a seizure to me fam.
The original bobblehead! Good God... something is wrong with her.
Nothing happening...move on...(.org) Order latte's  & chai tea w/marching order from Starbucks CEO. Move on...
thought she was going to change into Arnold for a sec #TwoWeeks http://youtu.be/XY5KTVA_2ys
ok, even if that was kinda weird (which I will admit was) that's nothing even CLOSE to a seizure.
@FriendlyJMC  she did not. That is not a seizure. Good grief!
what is it then? It's certainly not normal or healthy, and it doesn't look like she was in control of it
@laurenhansonx  
this shit cracks me up every time
best part this clip is missing, the reporters reaction to it! I was crying I was laughing so hard! Hillary is brain damaged.
@courtchauncey  I'm not a fan of Hillary but this is stuff that makes GOP look ridiculous!!
What is insane is all these so called people dying????
she's making a joke cuz everyone started taking at once. So silly
@DailyMail
@laurapcd1  it's not a seizure - #hyperekplexia (neurological exaggerated startle response) which is a presenting symptom of CJD
@Carolde  it is possible isn't it
@Carolde  is that head movement odd???honestly no disrespect but is there problem
@ZempIify
My mom had a stroke. This IS a seizure. Caused by confusion when too many people interact w/the patient
I'm very sorry about your mom. Many prayers
it's NOT a seizure and she doesn't have Parkinson's.
That's the stupidest thing I've ever read
that's hilarious 
that's just the devil going back home
@NxcoSzn
I do know alot about seizures. She did NOT have one. It's stupid people think she did.
