exactly, thank you! Dr. Drew, cause he's associated with reality show culture, has caused Tweeps&journalists to think theyre docs!
false statement
and Noah you know nothing
I'm more of a black and yellow kind of guy... #NeverTrumpOrHillary #FeelTheJohnson
I don't like this Hannity fella but I do feel he's asking the questions if she's fit to be president.
that and obvious alt right rube should be casting stones about "cognitive bias" is #hilarious
and republicans wonder why the rest of us don't take them seriously. #desperate #pathetic #conspericy
#ManyPeopleAreSaying that Trump thinks #PolPot is something you order at a Chinese restaurant #NeverTrump #MAGA
thank you for raising this issue to reality! After a seizure you're lucky if you remember your name for 10 minutes!
the wing nuts are getting desperate as the candidate is close to giving up.
health is important but she's so bad for a millions other reasons.  there are many types of seizures people, simple partial for ex
she had blood clot in her head
Not to mention Rhinestones & Polyester
that can cause a lot of help problems like seizures
her md never released the full medical records and gave a update look it up
that good enough for you when someone has a serious blood clot in her head
yes and she is crooked and she is liar
. @Newsweek  @adamdevotion  Hannity is devoid of any decency #WellEstablishedFACT
jesus Christ, how is this shit still alive?
#RWNJs
Tourettes is a real posssibility
for Hillary? No.
Sean Hannity MD:  I'm not a real Doctor.  I just act like an asshat on TV.
Another Rupert Murdoch taking head puppet
He is so clueless, needs to educate himself about epilepsy before making stupid comments
What coherent sentence.
I think you better accept that she had a seizure. The alternative is that she's a socially incompetent lunatic.
DECENCY at FOX? Same as searching for a needle in haystack.
- You mean the Literary Classic that began with "To Whom My Concern". LOL!
- The same. And I think you're the healthiest person ever elected to  @Twitter
