it was simple the right thing to do  @theblaze  @700club  @kimguilfoyle  @KellyRiddell  @realDonaldTrump  @SandraSmithFox  @ericbolling
@ Donald Trump, ur presence spoke volumes to Louisiana . Louisiana proud .
Edward Snowden is Hillary's best friend he knows all about emails
Hey ask him if his father accused his Hispanic Council of rape, and murder.! Too little too late.
Think about the optics, both verbally and visually, that his dumb ass father has projected.  This is empty thought.
the only reason he went is because his numbers are low in the poll
Only on Fox can you get this kind of bullshit. Not even there avg age group of 60 + won't believe this.
what kind of bullshit?  Was Obama or Hillary actually in Louisiana?
DT out there "caring" in white shirt and khakis. Don't take off your jacket, you'll just be there a second. Pandering, not caring
@FoxNews
Fox always saying Obama playing golf when something bad happens.
That's exactly right!, Optics!...That's why Trump went ...
The way Trump camp is being exploiting the Louisiana Flood visit, it clearly shows to voters it was done ONLY as a photo op.
Eric pushing the fact that Play Doh will help LA rebuild, while people wait for rescue because of  @realDonaldTrump  distraction.
And what are we to glean from this? You TRUMPS, for generations, have been/are fractured. Will we see same in your children, too?
difference between a president n one going out of office. Lol!
Trump pay your TAX first, other Americans pay for your share
Let's ask Eric who he voted for in 2008 and 2012.  FN just parrots the Trump party line.  Three deer pose as TV newspeople.
Obama is nothing he never has but people thought If we got a black president he would help his people. Failure President
he went there, water dried up, everybody is safe now..thank God he went there, smh..it's a fn photo op..he's not a good samaritan
Even when message is wrong, keep repeating until persistence makes it right?
That's his true nature
Obama golfed for TEN days-where's the "family time". Thank you Mr. Trump for showing America we can depend on you! Vote Trump!!!
#potus = no leadership!!!    @EricTrump
Obama was asked not to go. Trump used it as a photo shoot. He gave play doh for the kids and donated $100,000  to the church.
when Katrina hit President Busch was made out to be the villain. Guess he should have just played a round of golf.
#FuckDonaldTrump'sOffspring
it's called FEMA
Hillary was at a party with the Rothchild's raising more money for herself  http://latimes.com/nation/politics/trailguide/la-na-trailguide-updates-hillary-raises-1-5-million-at-martha-s-1471776901-htmlstory.html…
pandering for votes only, he doesn't care about those people
You were told by me & others the gov asked  @potus  not to come as he wanted his resources to save lives  not deal with traffic LIAR!
why didn't he cut check? So charitable as he claims
Amen! YES IT DOES!
Obama didn't go to Louisiana& didn't help black community there because they are  not American people!!!They are Rebublyican 
