Typical Lib. Blame others.
Its never my fault! 
Dear Mr. General, you  should sue her for liar
He specifically told her NOT for classified information, she used it for everything !!!
HRC always trying to blame ??? an elderly black statesman/4 star general who had a supposed dinner conversation w her 8 yrs ago
@HillaryClinton  Short-Circuits the truth again.  @realDonaldTrump  http://foxnews.com/opinion/2016/08/08/clinton-short-circuits-truth.html…
wow blaming the African American for her problem she brought on herself!!!!
busted! Again
This is typical HRC isn't it? Always blame someone else for her failures. It is time America, to put an end to this charade!
LOL LOL  She will try anything.... Criminal Hillary...
she will STILL say Powell used  private email to defend herself, continue to lie & point fingers...in the name of corruption.
another  @Clunton  lie that will be brushed over by  @CNNPolitics ... shameful how she sleeps at nite .. can ONLY imagine with meds ...
Hillary cant help from lying - she never, ever lived up to her 3 AM commercial and she is hiding out. https://youtube.com/watch?v=7yr7odFUARg…
@davidwebbshow  That is what he gets for voting for Obama just because he is black. You see where the loyalty is.
she'll throw anyone under the bus "watch out Obama" already ruined Tarmac lynch,Comeys  reps. Your just another brick in the wall
AGREE
She will literally say anything. This lady is unbelievable and I can't believe anybody in their right mind would vote for her.
guess Powell is finding out what it's like 2 jump in bed with the Dems. He turned his on back on Rep, this serves as reminder 2 all
Everyone please retweet this so as many people can see this as possible. Vote Trump!
he should  have told her to resign, would she have listened to that?
Guccifer did already. Really we'd  rather know why he embellished claims of WMD's leading us N2 unwinnable war.
She's not.  She was asked where did you get the idea...she responded Powell.  Why are Rs leaking CLASSIFIED INFO????
She will always blame someone else, but herself.
That is her usual way of dealing.......blame everyone else except her crooked, evil self!! Stand up to her Mr. Powell!!! TRUMP
Nixon fired staff until it was too late and he resigned.  More class than  @HillaryClinton  / #DemocratNixon.
No surprise here as the HRC lies continue !  LIE LIE LIE !!!!!
HRS will not take the blame for anything. She is a traitor to the US.
I'm surprised Hillary hasn't  suggested arresting an American for a 'private server video' that compelled her to use 4 not 1.
The ONE thing that separates #ColinPowell from #CrookedHillary is the TRUTH. And her lips are moving, so it's not coming from her.
who lied?
too bad she probably deleted Powell's email too. Lol.
Welcome to the world of the Clinton's Mr.Powell!!
@FoxNews
#HillarysHuma  @Mistard
@FoxNews
