Demand Trump/GOP leaders release all public/private emails now! Stop White male corporate media double standards for HRC!
WHAT! Me worry? I own the press, the State Department and the FBI. Heck, I can do anything and get away with it! Yes, life is good! LOL
Enough with persecuting Hillary already.
@hopeusc1  I'm shocked .....
@HillaryClinton  LOCK HER UP!
So?
What difference does it make?  She lied and got away with it!!!
NOTHING is going to happen to her.  The FBI isn't gonna do shit.  Some ppl don't even care if they're lied to by her.
Hopefully these will put her in  jail. None of that careless nonsense.
you should point out in your lead..that only "Three of these several thousand emails were classified at the time they were snt or rec"
2: and you should point out that the 3 emails (out of 55,000 pages) were marked incorrectly with (c) later fnd to b classified in error
This woman is a liar and a fraud... she is guilty and the corrupt #media are protecting this criminal....  sad times in USA!
because she'll have anyone that defies her killed, like people suing her that were in "horrible accidents"
you should also point out that the FBI reviewed all of this and found nothing illegal!
who the hell cares anymore? Get over it
Sorry, I'm not a republican.  Nice try!
#HillarysEmails #NeverHillary #CrookedHillary
sometimes I ask myself what was FBI doing the past years to choose and bring up all this email staff at this time.
Of course they did, anybody but Hillary! #$&!
unless there is some kind of corruption uncovered in her emails, who cares?
Republicans are like "that crazy ex" rn. Where were U? Why U lying? Mm-hmm! Oh, I hacked ur email btw. NEway, imma have a few questions
Probably ended the investigation too early.
old news!
an invasion of privacy..
where are the thousands Rove deleted?
@TaylorCooley   
@theELIminator33 but she's not guilty
would not know it by the way you cbs reports on it. If it was any one else but Clinton it would be month long story
I am so sick of these damn emails. Can we get a one and done? Produce a smoking gun or move on. #TeamHillary
She said she had released all of her emails to the FBI yet they are still finding more, perjury.
@ABC
you mean she didn't turn them all over to the FBI previously? But...she said she did. I'm shocked!
Don't care
Probably an oversight on her part. Ryan Lochte is happy a bigger liar pushed him off the front pages
Love the photo of Hillary Ypu chose.
