Nycz 1 Mr President......
that's great...if they've served their time, they shd have 2nd chance otherwise how can they make a living Will just go back in.
Name them . @WhiteHouse  @POTUS
http://goo.gl/59Jniu   43 Best Freelancing Websites to Earn Money Online
Obama gives jobs to criminals.   How about people who are not convicted of a crimes.   Typical jerk.
Circumventing criminals records often fabricated @FLGovScott &  @AGPamBondi  via systemic #racism is ONE step  @BarackObama
Thank you Lord...It's the right thing to do.
How about credit? Only in America: our government allows companies to deny employment to people due to #badcredit.REALLY!
while I think this amazing my dear husband gets terminated while on medical leave and now no one will hire him
All Convicts are'nt Criminals.A bit of Saint may be inside a http://convict.Giving them 2nd chance is saintly not risky
isn't Our President Just The Greatest !!!!!!  Hope there is a list I can print and pass along
That's why we are the people who we are.Everyone fucks up at some point in there lives.
that's really good everyone deserves a second chance
Just increase the ranks of the unemployed. Get a few more votes and screw middle America out of jobs.
now, if only you could fix your home states laws that prevent them from working in 190 professions...
all convicts don't vote democratic 
that's great when are you going to help the underemployed and those who have given up on finding a job? Failing America
we should not take the right to vote away from former felons
We might as well, the Criminal  @HillaryClinton  is allowed to apply for housing at the  @WhiteHouse  @POTUS
should a criminal be given a fair chance over someone who has walked the straight and narrow w/ the SAME qualifications?
oh goodness! That's the "good news" maybe a newly released gitmo guy can come work at my company, too. & some ex-cons.
now, if they could only do the same for veterans.
GOD forgives, why can't we?  They deserve another chance.  Thank you Mr. President!
woohoo!!
ISIS is a business?
anything for the victims of the crimes from criminals with a second chance? any words for criminals to follow the law?
any admittance that liberal policies have kept minorities poor and in ghettos and have you taken responsibility?  elites!
unless fed govt
Thank you  @POTUS . This is so needed to put communities and families back together!
Thank you Mr. President for your pro-active stance re: restorative justice. Also thanks to the companies hiring.
,Thank you very much Mr President for giving working Visa for five years to Nepali Citizens, Nepali Citizens are sincere.
,Thank you very much Mr President for your kind decision for mankind giving second chance for Criminals to Change mind.
That's wonderful. What about the cost of health care rising and insurance no longer providing options.
so glad this has happened it means families of ex-criminals have a chance hope to see it happen in the #uk
how about us who don't have a criminal record but can't afford a safe daycare
