If they are not charged how can they be ordered not to leave the country or even surrender passports? Whole thing is absurd.
Maybe the robbers weren't fake police. Would be a PR nightmare for Brazil.
other athletes were robbed, killed in car crash, etc Why Americans think they are special?
Just a thought, they are rob by Prostitues thats why they waited to report....Just a thought.
Smart move by coming home to America. I will cross out vacationing there!
Typical 3rd World "legal" shenanigans
I'd love to read the article, but damn your mobile site is a catastrophic dumpster fire.
@cnnbrk
Crooked officials can't stand to admit they just might have a crime problem!!
Sad they are democrats!
@vine CNN is so full of it
think your busted Ryan lol
shame on you for that misleading headline.
They get robbed at gunpoint and the judge wants to seize their passports!!!Heck no!
It's rather suspicious to even say it was a robbery and make it public for officials to bond the proof.
why??
oh haven't seen, brb
isn't that ..illegal?
wow I hope they catch these losers
ouch damn. I always thought it was odd their iPhones weren't robbed. It's the first thing thieves take away here
true smh
Why would they attempt to detain the victims of a robbery? Take their passports? Put out warrants? Who does that? Oh yeah, Rio. Wow!
they're are lying. They're was no theft. It could have happened, but this case is so much lie.
only when the tourists are overprivileged snotty Americans
why would they do that to the victims???  Makes no sense
This is nation that Hillary envision turning American into,,if she becomes President.
by the way lochte was telling the story what happened that night , I felt he made this whole thing up....
@cnnbrk
wow so they get robbed and Brazil blames them. Classy. BTW Brazil lochte is back n US good luck with that search warrant
maybe you'll win medal but you're not win the law
@Monica_Compte
#ALLEGED W T F
shame on Brazil, they still blame the victims there
