and USOC should apologize for their cavalier attitude to the situation
@RyanLochte  should apologize, remain in jail until court date, filing a false complaint. Brazil please seek extradition of Lochte!
Wonder what their parents think?  I'd be ashamed, but that's how I was raised.  Hmm...   @cnnbrk
I think a caning would be appropriate in this case.
Brazilian police are covering. Why would they vandalize? A bunch of haters in America blood thirsty for another public lynching.
deep doo doo for swimmers in Rio?
thank you for the correction. just a little pissed when i typed that out
the perfect metaphor for Obama's sad reign.
Obama? Is he responsible for every millennial that misbehaves now?
Relatively simple life rule: Don't do stupid stuff.
You don't know that! Other athletes have been robbed!  Rio is nice, but full of crime. Media's made this worse. Any word @ GB?
Ryan is a big LIER.
unacceptable behavior from our American team members. We already have a not favorable reputation in the international landscape. :-(
disappointed to hear two swimmers are from my Alma mater; UT Austin.
Absolutely !
they should go to jail
I personally don't want an apology, just behave like the athlete you should be and make news for medals, not international scandals.
I said no apology, retrieving the medal!
such a disappointment
is it sth to be praised about or were they just trying to buy attention?This means a lot to the Brazilians' reputation #Rio2016
Have this right?  @cnnbrk    #Lochte et al do $30 damage Off duty cop extorts $$ at gunpoint Athletes make up tail & made bad guys by #RioPD 
community service and apology at least...jail time for filing false report possibly....despicable behavior regardless of punishment
Make em swim back to the U.S.
WOW! What an embarrassment to the US among others. These men should be ashamed for their behavior #Jeah
agree so sad for USA
American pride right down the crapper. 
why? because if these fools are never taught what they did is wrong they will never learn/keep doing it/coast thru life
are they going to point a gun at them while they apologize too?
who gives a flip about these miscreants? How about some real news?
omg stop spinning and defending. They F'd up, admit it and move on. Lochte is a moron, if you've met him, you understand
All this for a simple apology. I officially apologize for them right now. #Lochte #overblown #notnewsworthy
yes they should. #Rio has a bad reputation for crime so the initial report didn't seem shocking. The lack of integrity from Lochte:(
IMO while still under the influence he/RL Texted his mom sharing 'his version' of events 2 C.H.ass & protect his g.friend=backfired
where's your tweet/article showing Obama lied about Iran ransom?
@cnnbrk
before we criticize the Americans, any chance we can see the video?
no chance.  We're guilty!
and they won't apologize unfortunately
#should apologize AND take medals away #thanks  for embarrassing US residents #how NOT to represent USA!!!!
