we should, why not ?? ...
best of 3 cmon
I can't believe people are crying Robbery.. I just watched the Damn fight 4 times.. 3-2 McGregor easily. .. #blinddouchebags
we need a trilogy
Notorious should now go back defending his title
rigged
I would imagine
@espn
Connor is heavy handed so if u stand with him it's going to be a battle. Take him to the ground and he's exposed. I had Diaz 3 rounds
I'm satisfied with the result and think they should leave it there. McGregor should just worry about FW now.
#Anything less would be Uncivilized!!!
Nate won this fight period!
part 3 is a must!!!
of course we can!!! Because they want MONEY
Was a given, no?
Conor knocked Nate down 3 times and had excellent takedown defense.
of course we can because UFC is about as crooked as the NBA. $$$$$$
hardly man handled. He kept him against a cage. Conor won 3 out of 5 rounds. Shouldn't even be a debate.
those are the rounds Nate won. But Conor took 1, 2, and 5
I mean 4?
without a doubt, too much $$$ not to
yeah unfortunately it's not soccer and they don't have extra time.
he also knocked Nate down in 1 and 2
it was a great fight but Conor won by keeping it away from the ground.
yep.
I just gave you a chart with facts. They are SIGNIFICANT STRIKES. All Conor needs is 3 rounds.
WTF are you talking about?
but it wasn't and he didn't.
Hahaha you could say that in literally any situation to rationalize a loss. "few seconds longer" 
hahahahaha!
of course too much $ to be made not to 
He was fighting smart? Diaz was pissing blood, couldn't get an effective takedown and gt knocked down 3 time Conor deserved it
1)Nate Diaz 2) shouldve been Nate Diaz
I'm not sorry but you have to hit someone to make them bleed? does Mcgregor just have a harder face?
Connor pulled a Mayweather the last 3 rounds including jogging away from the opponent while looking at the clock..take the tie move on
“ @espn : Part 1: Nate Diaz Part 2: Conor McGregor  Can we expect a trilogy? ”There will be a III... 1 word MONEY
