Seems like so -called ISIS and other Terrorist groups love hearing and reading about themselves in print. "Celebrities of Satan"
yea so who is still voting for Hillary Who?
The government's to stop playing games with the lives of children and human beings STOP funding these terrorist groups. No weapons!
Wish the Govt  could tackle Terror case the way he's  tackling the  Attempted Coup... #Turkey
We have to pray more. Let us give the youths hope to live and not end their lives as well as lives of others
WONDERFUL, now KIDS are suicide bombers. Wake up Clinton supporters, this could be us, if she's in office. And i would rub it in
in your faces and thank you for allowing her to create such a situation. A vote for Hillary, is a vote for this. TRUMP 2016!
Most of these kids are heavily drugged.
OY    ISIS ?   hmm....?   knowing Erdogan's love for the Kurds....possible ?
too much divide in this world
In #erdogan 's #turkey if you're old enough to marry and do a blowjob at twelve, you're also old enough to blow a wedding, no?
Awful My heart goes out to the families
IS is on his front door and he seams not knowing it, is this for laughing ???
#ISIS resorts to child abuse to promote their death and sex cult.
How sick to use children to do their heinous dirty work.
Bombing most likely Kurdish,set off accidentally at wedding.Erdogan trying to capitalize on, by claiming ISIS.
@SecureAmerica  What do we care about Muslims killing other Muslims overseas?   It's. What. They. Do.
This is really sad. Children are killing people!!
yes turkey is a Muslim country wanting to join Europe. Isis wants muslims in the dark ages
people really dont have anything better to do 
That is sick & very disturbing to realize that evil permeates the mind of the young. Cowards, to prey on impressionable kids.Evil.
If Hillary is elected it will be coming to a town near you.
God where is this world turning to may God help us.
Turkey can have a ground offensive and an aerial offensive. There can b tanks and artillery. #Iraq #Syria
what adult males a child a suicide bomber? Cowards Islamists salafists dogs?
anyone can force a child, including Erdogan. Wake up, ISIS is a farce created by CIA!
what is the world coming to when kids feel the need ro blow them selfs up
teen suicide is on the rise, may God have mercy!
this are the type of pple #BritishGov, @Obama  &  @HillaryClinton  ar encouraging us to be living with,congential terrorist. #FreeBiafra
don't you all see this is another CIA creation?
This  news sounds farfetched, ISIS bs seems a well planned take over, but not Islamic.  Oil prices down... hmmmmm
why haven't disabled people or those with previous mental illness been consulted on #Narcan #naloxone and safe streets?
RIP LITTLE GUY
